Decorators revision (#144)
reason-association/reasonml.org: pages/docs/reason-compiler/latest/decorators.mdx

### `[@bs.deriving accessors]`

> `bs.deriving accessors` makes it more convenient to access records.

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
The `[@bs.deriving accessors]` can be used to either generate getter functions for a decorated **record type**, or to generate creator functions for **variant type constructors**.
~~~

### `[@bs.deriving accessors]`

> Reason records were represented as arrays in JS in BuckleScript versions < v7. `bs.deriving accessors` makes it more convenient to access records when you or your library consumers need to be on an older BuckleScript version.

Reviewer: I feel like we shouldn't talk too much about the backwards compatibility aspects and write more about what the `accessors` feature is about.

Author: So just ``bs.deriving accessors` makes it more convenient to access records`? Because the rest was already mentioned, I mainly wanted to get rid of the `Reason records are represented as arrays in JS`.

<Info>

> As records are compiled to JS objects since BuckleScript v7, you may not need this decorator anymore, except if you need to stay compatible for users with older BuckleScript versions (such as library authors).

Reviewer: Maybe only put a hint in there to point them to one place where interop is being discussed?

```suggestion
**Hint:** Since BuckleScript v7, records are compiled to plain JS objects, so you might not need [@bs.deriving accessors] / [@bs.deriving abstract]. More about this [here](/docs/reason-compiler/latest/object#records-as-objects).
```

Reviewer: This could eventually be part of the `[bs.deriving]` subheader

Reviewer 2: Agree, I would add on the accessor that publishes each key as a function to get the value and another of the setter (and this mutates the object).

https://github.com/moroshko/bs-blabla/blob/master/bs.deriving.md#bsderiving

### `[@bs.deriving abstract]`

> Reason records were represented as arrays in JS in BuckleScript versions < v7. `bs.deriving abstract` makes it more convenient to access records when you or your library consumers need to be on an older BuckleScript version.

Reviewer: Ditto, we shouldn't focus on libraries etc, just explain the feature what it does, have the same short note that they might want to use records-as-objects instead.

## `[@bs.as]`

> `bs.as` can be used with [`bs.deriving abstract`](#bsderiving-abstract) or records (starting with BuckleScript v7) to rename fields. This is useful when field names are valid in JS, but not in BS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bs.as` can be used with [`bs.deriving abstract`](#bsderiving-abstract) or records (BuckleScript v7 and above) to rename fields. This is useful when field names are valid in JS, but not in BS.
```

};
```

<Info>

> **Note:** Since BuckleScript 7, `bs.as` can also be used in records: 

Reviewer: I like that one very much!

```

## `[@bs.inline]`

> Especially for library authors, `bs.inline` could be interesting. It tells the compiler explicitly to inline a constant directly. 

Reviewer 2: Maybe explaining the problem first? Something like:
```
In Reason/OCaml you can't export let variables (this is the opposite as we are used to in JS). Often you can export modules, but If you want to export a single value, you can use [bs.inline].
```

Author: That's not the case? let vars are exported the same way as let functions? It's only a helper to get zero-cost bindings like [here](https://github.com/BuckleScript/bucklescript/issues/3472#issuecomment-480326301).

Reviewer 2: Let me rephase it: 

In Reason/OCaml you can export variables (int/string/primitives types) evaluated (or "replaced with the value") instead of the reference to the variable with [bs.inline]. Often as a library author you can encounter the need of it. 

For example: <<<Example here>>>>

I mean, I prefer to read the problem first, is easier to index (since its logically to look for) and makes the lecture of the entire section like an explanation rather than docs as a list of typedefs.

I might mess around with the reasoning but I got confused on what inline was doing.

> Especially for library authors, `bs.inline` could be interesting. It tells the compiler explicitly to inline a constant directly. 

Reviewer: Again, just get to the point, explain details later if necessary:

~~~suggestion
A binding marked with `[@bs.inline]` will tell the compiler to copy (inline) its value in every place the binding is being used. This is especially useful for cases where e.g. string constants can't be used as variables, but need to be present as constant values.

For example,...
~~~

Suppose you have the following binding for the node environment variable:

```reason
/* NodeEnv.re */

> [@bs.val] [@bs.scope "process.env"] external env: string = "NODE_ENV";

Reviewer 2: I would love to have an example that doesn't require the knowledge of 2 other bs.decorators, even if the example isn't a real-world one.

For example:
```reason
[@bs.inline]
let color = "green"
```

Author: Do you mean 

```reason
[@bs.inline]
let green = "green"
```

in a Colors.re file? Would be even more fitting imho. And that's actually the second use-case besides the node env that I had for it, so good idea!

Reviewer: Agreed, i think it should be enough to show the JS output `inline` vs `non-inline` to get the point across? After that, another example can explain that this is often used for injecting NODE_ENV for bundlers etc

// Now you can define possible values for it with `bs.inline`:
[@bs.inline]
let development = "development";

[@bs.inline]
let production = "production";
```

Invoke them in another module: 

```reason
if (NodeEnv.env === NodeEnv.development) {
  Js.log("development");
}
```

the corresponding value gets inlined directly (in this case the string `development`) in the JS code:

```js
if (process.env.NODE_ENV === "development") {
  console.log("development");
}
```

## `[@bs.meth]`

> To call a method of a `Js.t` field, use `bs.meth` to avoid issues with a curried object where the reference to `this` may be incorrect.

Reviewer: I don't understand this sentence... does this mean that if you want to use a function which needs to bind to the object's `this` context, you need to use `bs.meth`?

Maybe it helps to see a real world JS object in JavaScript code first to explain how this would be applied?
